---
{
    "title": "Lesson 102.1",
    "slt": ["102.1"],
    "type": "Lesson",
    "description": "Andamio Platform Overview",
    "videoURL": "",
    "lastEdited": "2023-09-21",
    "author": "Andamio Team"
}
---

Andamio consists of two platforms that work together:
1. The Andamio Course Platform
2. The Andamio Contribution Platform

Each platform can be used independently. Andamio works best when they are used together. Right now, you're viewing a course in the **Andamio Course Platform**. In Module 101, you learned how to mint a Learner Token and how to **commit** to an **Assignment**. Learners are one of the **roles** in Andamio.

This lesson provides a listing of the other roles. In the rest of the course, we will investigate each role individually, and you will learn about the Course and Contribution platforms.

## Course Platform Roles
### Learner
**Learners** can commit to Assignments and build on-chain credentials for course completion.

### Facilitator
**Facilitators** review the commitments made by Learners, and can "Approve" or "Deny" assignments.

### Course Creator
**Course Creators** publish course content.

## Contribution Platform Roles
### Contributor
**Contributors** can commit to Projects, earn rewards, and build an on-chain record of project completion.

### Decision Maker
**Decision Makers** review the commitments made by Contributors, and can "Distribute" commitment rewards.

### Treasurer
**Treasurers** manage funds and approved Project lists in an Andamio Treasury.

## Platform Comparison
The three roles are similar on each side:
{% table %}
* Course
* Contribution
---
* Learner
* Contributor
---
* Facilitator
* Decision-Maker
---
* Course Creator
* Treasurer
{% /table %}

## Intended Uses
1. Build a course
2. Distribute credentials to learners
3. Define prerequisites for learning and contribution
4. Fund Projects
5. Collaborate + Contribute

## Unintended Uses!
What will you do with Andamio? We've built a tool to jumpstart an ecosystem. But what will you do with it? We expect that this platform will with our community. How will we do it? Jump to the next lessons to learn more...
