---
{
    "title": "101.1: Mint an Access Token",
    "slt": ["101.1"],
    "type": "Lesson",
    "description": "Mint an Andamio Access Token",
    "videoURL": "",
    "lastEdited": "2024-03-04",
    "author": "Andamio Team"
}
---

## What is an Andamio Access Token?

Andamio supports individuals and organizations to track ***Learning*** and ***Contribution*** on the blockchain. Anyone who holds an Andamio Access Token can enroll in a Course on Andamio.

When your Andamio Access Token contains evidence of what you have learned, new possibilities emerge. For example, you can commit to deeper, more challenging Courses. After completing necessary prerequisites, you can use your Access Token to mint a **Contributor Token** that allows you to commit to projects and earn rewards within an organization.

In this course, we will show you how all of it works. To get started, let's **mint your Andamio Access Token**.

## Step by Step: How to Mint an Andamio PBL Learner Token

Your **Andamio PBL Access Token** will be your record of progress in the Andamio Network. You can give it any name you'd like. It will be as public as any other NFT, so think carefully about how much privacy you want on-chain. You cannot change the name of an Access Token once it is minted. Instead, you will have a guarantee that no other Access Token with the same name can ever be created.

### Step 1: Connect a browser wallet to Cardano Preproduction Testnet (Coming April 2024)
This Andamio PBL course is built on Cardano's Preproduction Testnet, which is often referred to a "Preprod". We are providing this course on Preprod so you can learn about Andamio without spending real Ada. Later in this course, we'll show you how to build an Andamio instance on Cardano Mainnet.

[Here is how to connect](https://plutuspbl.io/modules/100/1001).

### Step 2: Get some Test Ada.
In order to use Andamio, you need some Ada. Because this Andamio instance is working on Preprod, you will need some Test Ada. Navigate to [the Cardano Testnets faucet](https://docs.cardano.org/cardano-testnet/tools/faucet/) to get some free "tAda".

### Step 3: Mint your Access Token!
[Click here]() to see your Andamio Dashboard. After you connect a wallet, you can click the button that says "Mint Your Learner Token". Give it a try!

## You will know you are successful if:
1. You can see your Andamio Access Token in your Preprod Wallet.
2. You can see your Andamio Access Token [on this page]()
